welcome to Monica may I take your coat I
see hello Monica hello greet her girl
this is Rachel yeah okay everything
smells so delicious and I can't remember
a time I smelled such a delicious
combination of okay smells
that's a lovely apartment thank you well
would you like a tour I was just being
polite but alright in the cab on the way
over Steve blazed up a doobie
what smoked a joint you know little bone
weed hemp
no we're gonna with you Cheech okay is
it dry in here let me let me get you
some wine yeah I think we're ready for
our first course - okay these are rock
shrimp ravioli and Montreux ponzu sauce
with just a touch of mixed ginger well
smack my ass and call me Judy I'm so
glad you like them
like them I could eat a hundred of them
oh well that's all there is of these but
in about eight and a half minutes we'll
be serving some delicious onion tartlets
tartlets tartlets partly word is lost
all meaning
excuse me can can I help you with
anything you know I don't know what I'm
looking for oh cool taco shells you know
they're like a little corn on the vil of
you know
you don't want to spoil your a product
hey sugar rose if you just wait another
six and a half fold macaroni and cheese
we got to make this
no we don't oh okay yeah why don't you
just have a seat here okay okay
give me the gummy bears no give them to
me
all right well share no give me well
then you can't have anyone to know Oh
Bears overboard they're drowning hey
sugar
oh hey dinner is over God what why why
this is that I've waited seven years for
an opportunity like this new can't even
wait four and a half minutes for a
stupid onion tartlet